h1. emacs-rails-kit

h2. by Matt Swasey of Viget Labs

h3. version 2

This is the second version of my emacs-rails-kit, the first was just a slightly modified "emacs-starter-kit":http://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit .  Version 2 is a rebuild from scratch. It takes bits and pieces from configurations assembled by a number of different hackers' (al3x topfunky technomancy defunkt crnixon) whom I admire.

This version can provide a base emacs configuration suitable for the average rails programmer to clone/fork and start using immediately.

No elpa packages are pre-installed, but I've included the elpa package library to allow for easier personal customization.

h3. Instructions and Setup

# clone or fork from my "github repository":http://github.com/mig/emacs-rails-kit
# make a symlink to the root of the cloned repository to .emacs.d under your home directory
# initialize and update the git submodules
# start emacs!
# optionally run recomple-init to byte-compile all the list files, which will make things go faster

h4. Example

<pre>
$ git clone git://github.com/mig/emacs-rails-kit.git ~/Library/emacs-rails-kit
$ ln -s ~/Library/emacs-rails-kit ~/.emacs.d
$ cd ~/.emacs.d
$ git submodule init
$ git submodule update
</pre>

h3. Tips

If you are running this under OS X, add these lines to sync the kill ring with the clipboard:

<pre>
(global-set-key (kbd "C-w") 'clipboard-kill-region)
(global-set-key (kbd "M-w") 'clipboard-kill-ring-save)
(global-set-key (kbd "C-y") 'clipboard-yank)
</pre>

You can run both Test::Unit (shoulda context included) and RSpec tests with M-r within the test file.  This will open a new buffer and run the test file.  This buffer is now auto-clearing.
